Add `3 Digit World Cup 2025: Registrations Now Open!` news post (#12583)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-12-28-3-digit-world-cup-2025-registrations-now-open.md

---
layout: post
title: "3 Digit World Cup 2025: Registrations Now Open!"
date: 2024-12-28 12:00:00 +0000
---

> Want to watch what the more underrated players, overshadowed by absolute powerhouses, are capable of? Eager to prove your country's worth, but the next osu! World Cup is too far away? If the answer to either of those is yes, get excited for the 7th iteration of the 3 Digit World Cup!

Reviewer: this is rather long for a preview

```suggestion
Want to witness what the more underrated players are capable of? Eager to prove your country's worth, but the next osu! World Cup is too far away? If the answer to either of those is yes, then this tournament is for you!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-12-28-3-digit-world-cup-2025-registrations-now-open/banner.jpg)

> The **3 Digit World Cup** (*pending forum url*), or 3WC for short, has been a mainstay of the community world cups since 2019, eventually being molded into the hyped event that loads of players look forward to at the start of the year. This time is no exception, with a seasoned staff roster and well known players looking to upkeep the expected competitiveness and quality that the tournament has provided over the years. Make sure to keep an eye out for newer accolades putting their name out there as well; these previously unknown key performers often debut in 3WC before any other big international tournaments due to its close proximity to the osu! World Cup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **3 Digit World Cup** (*pending forum url*), or 3WC for short, has been a mainstay of the community world cups since 2019, eventually being molded into the hyped event that loads of players look forward to at the start of the year. This time is no exception, with a seasoned staff roster and well-known players looking to keep up the expected competitiveness and quality that the tournament has provided over the years. Make sure to keep an eye out for newer accolades putting their name out there as well; these previously unknown key performers often debut in 3WC before any other big international tournaments due to its close proximity to the osu! World Cup.
```

> While the 3 digit range (#100–999) might seem a bit too restrictive at first, it still manages to brood the perfect stage to watch players who might sometimes get overshadowed by the hypercarries of their country in the osu! World Cup. Less powerful teams also benefit from the matches being 3-on-3, and the minimum team size of 3 allows for some smaller countries to still show up and attempt to surprise with their performance. Some countries that don't often appear in the rankings are allowed to combine as well due to the heavy rank range restriction, as observed by the Baltics (Estonia, Lithuania, and Latvia) and Oceania (Australia and New Zealand) last iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the 3-digit range (#100–999) might seem a bit too restrictive at first, it still manages to brood the perfect stage to watch players who might sometimes get overshadowed by the hypercarries of their country in the osu! World Cup. Less powerful teams also benefit from the matches being 3-on-3, where the smaller team size can allow them to wow the audience with surprise performances. Additionally, some countries that don't often appear in the rankings are allowed to combine due to the heavy rank range restriction, as observed by the Baltics (Estonia, Lithuania, and Latvia) and Oceania (Australia and New Zealand) during the last iteration of 3WC.
```

> [Last year](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1862046?n=1) 30 countries managed to field teams, the largest number in the history of the tournament, of which 16 qualified for the bracket stage. Reigning champions South Korea managed to take down the United States in a close [7-5 grand final](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/113012834) after a [tiebreaker match](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112914726) against them in the Finals stage right before, securing their third title and the first ever consecutive win in 3WC. We also saw the return of a powerful Brazilian roster climbing into the podium for the first time in 4 years, as well as a rapidly improving Ukrainian roster making their way into the Finals stage. While waiting for the next iteration to start, you can revisit these matches in full, as well as all previous matches starting from 2021 on the [3wc_osu YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/@3wc_osu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Speaking of [last year](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1862046?n=1), 30 countries managed to field teams for the largest turnout in the history of the tournament, of which 16 qualified for the bracket stage. Reigning champions ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea managed to take down the ::{ flag=US }:: United States in a close [7–5 Grand Final](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/113012834) after a [tiebreaker match](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/112914726) against them in the Finals stage right before, securing their third title and the first ever consecutive win in 3WC. We also saw the return of a powerful ::{ flag=BR }:: Brazilian roster climbing into the podium for the first time in 4 years, as well as a rapidly improving ::{ flag=UA }:: Ukrainian roster making their way into the Finals stage. While waiting for the next iteration to start, you can revisit these matches in full, as well as all previous matches starting from 2021 on the [3wc_osu YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/@3wc_osu).
```

## Tournament schedule

| Event | Dates |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | December 28–January 12 (23:59 UTC) |
| Team submission phase | January 12–January 26 (23:59 UTC) |
| Qualifier showcase | February 2 |
| Qualifier stage | February 8–February 9 |
| Round of 16 | February 15–February 16 |
| Quarterfinals | February 22–February 23 |
| Semifinals | March 1–March 2 |
| Finals | March 8–March 9 |
| Grand Finals | March 15–March 16 |

## How do I register?

To register, simply head over to the **[registration page](https://r.shdewz.me/3wc25-registration)** to connect your osu! and Discord accounts. Players who sign up via the aforementioned link and meet the following criteria will be eligible to participate:

> - **Your osu! global rank must be within #100–999 at the time of registrations closing** (January 12, 23:59 UTC)
> - **You must not have violated the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules) in the past 12 months**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Your osu! global rank must be within #100–999 at the time of registrations closing.** (January 12, 23:59 UTC)
- **You must not have violated the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules) in the past 12 months.**
```

All countries with at least 3 eligible registrants will have one player designated as the captain by the organisers. The captain is then responsible for selecting and submitting a roster of 3–6 players to represent their country in the tournament. Countries with more than 6 candidates are encouraged to host tryouts for their team to aid in selecting the best players.

> Joining the official [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/ZjPs7ya) of 3WC is mandatory for all players selected on a team, but we still encourage everyone, even spectators, to join in order to keep up with all important announcements and tournament livestream notifications. Be sure to also check out the forum thread (*pending url*) for more information and rules. We hope to see you all join in — be it by playing or spectating!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Joining the official [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/ZjPs7ya) of 3WC is mandatory for all players selected for a team, but we still encourage everyone, even spectators, to join in order to keep up with all important announcements and tournament livestream notifications. Be sure to also check out the forum thread (*pending url*) for more information and rules. We hope to see you all join in — be it by playing or spectating!
```
